Curiosidades Modernas


In 1926, Arctic explorer Peter Freuchen was trapped under an avalanche while on an expedition. He escaped from death by fashioning a shiv out of his own feces and amputating his foot.

In ancient Egypt, servants were smeared with honey to attract flies away from the pharaoh.

n Renaissance France, a woman could take her husband to court if he was impotent.

In 1923, jockey Frank Hayes won a race at Belmont Park in New York despite being dead. He suffered a heart attack mid-race, but his body stayed in the saddle until his horse crossed the line for a 20-1 outsider victory.

Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin were all nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.

Tsutomu Yamaguchi was in Hiroshima when the first atom bomb was dropped. He then traveled home to Nagasaki the day before the second atom bomb was dropped. He survived both and lived to be 93.



Romans used urine as mouthwash. Urine contains ammonia, which is one of the best natural cleaning agents on the planet.

The current 50 star U.S. flag was designed by 17-year-old Robert Heft for a school project. He received a B-.

In 1838, Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket, a book about four crewmen on a whaling ship who ended up stranded and having to draw lots to see who would be eaten. The lot landed on a cabin boy named Richard Parker. Forty-six years later, a yacht named Mignonette bound for Sydney, Australia capsized en route from London. The three crewmen then killed and ate their cabin boy named Richard Parker.


People were buried alive so often in the 19th century that a safety coffin was invented so the "dead" would have the ability to alert those above ground if they were still alive.


Curiosidades Antigas


Curiosidades da História Brasileira
1) De acordo com o antropólogo Antônio Risério, “o Brasil nasceu dançando”, e não à toa; quando os portugueses chegaram no local que se tornaria o Brasil futuramente, os índios, ao invés de atacarem, recepcionaram os desbravadores com uma dança.

3) Duas nações indígenas ocupavam o litoral baiano quando os portugueses chegaram ao Brasil: os tupiniquins e os tupinambás. Enquanto os tupiniquins apoiavam os portugueses durante a colonização, os tupinambás davam apoio aos franceses, que tentaram tomar o território algumas vezes.

4) Mais de 1.000 línguas eram faladas no Brasil antes do descobrimento. Hoje, apenas 180 ainda sobrevivem e apenas 11 são faladas, por mais de 5.000 pessoas.

5) A primeira missa foi realizada no Brasil no dia 26 de abril de 1.500.

6) A primeira capital do Brasil foi a cidade de Salvador. Posteriormente, passou a ser o Rio de Janeiro – no século XVIII. Só no século XX, a capital se tornou a cidade de Brasília.

8) Os nativos – chamados de índios pelos portugueses – denominavam aquela terra como Pindorama, que em tupi significa “terra das palmeiras”.

9) Sabe onde fica e qual é a primeira rua do Brasil? Localizada em Salvador, a Rua Chile, que no passado chamava-se Rua Direita dos Mercadores, foi criada em 1.549 por Tomé de Souza. Com 400m de comprimento e 466 anos, a via está sendo revitalizada e será transformada num complexo turístico.

- A feijoada, um prato típico da culinária brasileira, foi criada pelos escravos. Os senhores de engenho descartavam os pés, orelhas e rabos dos porcos. Os escravos pegavam estas partes do animal, cozinhavam com feijão preto, adicionavam temperos e, assim, estava pronta a famosa feijoada.












########################################
23 of 56
In 1493, Columbus thought he saw mermaids -- they were "not as pretty as they are depicted, for somehow in the face they look like men." It's suspected he saw a manatee.
At the height of his popularity, Charlie Chaplin entered a Charlie Chaplin look-a-like competition in San Francisco. He came in 20th place.
32 of 56
Between the 11th and 19th centuries, Buddhist monks in northern Japan practiced a kind of meditation called Sokushinbutsu, in which they would mummify themselves alive by slowly weaning themselves off food and water before eventually starving to death.
33 of 56
Seven of the ten deadliest wars in human history have been in China. The Taiping Rebellion alone had twice as many deaths as World War 1.
37 of 56
During World War II, a Pennsylvania dentist convinced President Roosevelt to bomb Japan with timed explosives attached to thousands of bats. But after some of the armed bats were accidentally released and destroyed their testing facility, the bat bomb project was scrapped.

In 1929, researchers at Princeton University turned a living cat into a telephone.



Serial killer Ted Bundy once saved a young child from drowning and also received a commendation from the Seattle Police Department for chasing down a purse snatcher.


One of history's longest wars likely lasted for 335 years and was between the Netherlands and the Isles of Sicily. Not a single person was killed.

Lord Byron kept a pet bear in his dorm room while studying at Cambridge University.


While Pope Gregory IX was in power, he declared that cats were associated with devil worship and had them exterminated across Europe. It's believed that the disappearance of cats helped rats proliferate and spread the bubonic plague.



Roman Emperor Gaius, also known as Caligula, made one of his favorite horses a senator.

On his death bed, Voltaire was asked to renounce Satan by a visiting priest. He replied, "This is no time to be making new enemies."

Before Abraham Lincoln became a politician, he was a champion wrestler. With more than 300 bouts under his belt, Lincoln only lost one match in his career and was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall Of Fame in 1992.

Roman Catholics in Bavaria founded a secret society in 1740 called the Order of the Pug. New members had to wear dog collars and scratch at the door to get in.

All British tanks since 1945 have included equipment to make tea.

One of history's most successful pirates was a Chinese prostitute named Ching Shih. She commanded a fleet of over 1,500 ships and 80,000 sailors.
